Rework README (#84)
DeterminateSystems/nix-src: README.md

  &nbsp;<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/determinate-systems" target="_blank"><img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-1667be?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=%23ffffff"></a>&nbsp;
</p>

# Determinate Nix

[![CI](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

This repository houses the source for [**Determinate Nix**][det-nix], a downstream distribution of [Nix][upstream] created and maintained by [Determinate Systems][detsys].
Nix is a powerful [language], [package manager][package-management], and [CLI] for [macOS](#macos), [Linux](linux), and other Unix systems that enables you to create fully reproducible [development environments][envs], to build [packages] in sandboxed environments, to build entire Linux systems using [NixOS], and much more.

Determinate Nix is part of the [Determinate platform][determinate], which also includes [FlakeHub], a secure flake repository with features like [FlakeHub Cache][cache], [private flakes][private-flakes], and [semantic versioning][semver] (SemVer) for [flakes].

## Installing Determinate

> You can install Determinate on [macOS](#macos), non-NixOS [Linux](#linux), and [NixOS](#nixos).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Determinate on [macOS](#macos), non-NixOS [Linux](#linux) and WSL, and [NixOS](#nixos).
```

### macOS

On macOS, we recommend using the graphical installer from Determinate Systems.
Click [here][gui] to download and run it.

### Linux

On Linux, including Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL), we recommend installing Determinate Nix using [Determinate Nix Installer][installer]:

```shell
curl -fsSL https://install.determinate.systems/nix | sh -s -- install --determinate
```

### NixOS

On [NixOS], we recommend following our [dedicated installation guide][nixos-install].

## Other resources

Nix was created by [Eelco Dolstra][eelco] and developed as the subject of his 2006 PhD thesis, [The Purely Functional Software Deployment Model][thesis].
Today, a worldwide developer community contributes to Nix and the ecosystem that has grown around it.

- [Zero to Nix][z2n], Determinate Systems' guide to Nix and [flakes] for beginners
- [Nixpkgs], a collection of well over 100,000 software packages that you can build and manage using Nix
- [NixOS] is a Linux distribution that can be configured fully declaratively
- The Nix, Nixpkgs, and NixOS community on [nixos.org][website]

## Reference

> You can find full reference documentation in the [Determinate Nix manual][manual].
> This resource is a work in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary documentation for Determinate and Determinate Nix is available at [docs.determinate.systems][determinate].
For deeply technical reference material, see the [Determinate Nix manual][manual] which is based on the upstream Nix manual.
```

How about something like this? Calling it a work in progress when it doesn't actually receive great focus isn't my favorite thing
